Alexander had a great idea.
(both chuckle)
Okay, in your opinion.
Okay, this is just in her opinion, it was great.
It was also not my idea, in case you don't like it,
it was all his.
Yes, it was.
And if you loved it, it was also all my idea.
So only praise can go to me
but also only hate can go to me,
so-
That's how I like it.
Alexander had a great idea to do,
'cause we got so many emails from you all
and we just, we were already on a subway roll
with the first subway stations, then Subway sandwiches.
And Alexander said, "why don't we do an episode
where we play a fun guessing game of
is it a subway or is it a Subway?"
And we gotta guess if the other person's review
is of a subway station or a Subway sandwich shop.
So stupid.
And I don't know
if I did it right, I feel like, I don't know,
I don't know, we'll see,
we'll see.
I don't know either-
We've never done this before,
obviously.
This is really weird
and strange, but-
That's why
it's a holiday special.
Yeah.
So,
I think you have several more than I do
or at least a couple more.
Yeah, here's, I'll give you my first one.
I labeled mine Subway number two,
which I guess technically would be number three.
Yeah, this is our third-
What is wrong with us?
week in a row that we're doing something subway related,
this time combining the two.
Here's my first one, this is a one star review by Paul.
"Horrid experience, the line is wrapped
back and forth inside, out the door and down the road,
45 minutes so far, and not even close to the counter.
Incompetent management, unacceptable."
End of review.
Wow.
Pretty ambiguous, huh?
What could it be?
Everyone, you can play at home as well.
(Christine laughing)
I don't know how-
You're allowed to play at home.
We're allowing it.
We'll give you permission.
Find a friend
to play this with.
No, you're at Thanksgiving,
turn up the volume.
(Alexander laughs)
Oh, play this.
Get your drunk uncle
in on it.
Oh no. (Christine chuckles)
Oh no.
All those people you've been saying
I love this podcast.
Oh God.
They can finally participate.
My guess is that this is a Subway sandwich.
No.
No?
It's not,
this is of the LAX Aviation Station,
the metro stop for LAX.
(Christine giggles)
You know what?, I should have gotten it when,
'cause I thought to myself,
"why would anyone wait so long in a line
for a Subway sandwich?"
Yep.
You would just-
True.
Go to, you know, Jimmy John's or something.
Yeah.
I mean you should probably
do that first before you go to Subway but that's just me.
But yeah, I guess if you don't have any other choice
then you're stuck in a line for...
And I think this is also,
I mean 'cause this is a unique situation for either one.
Like you having to wait
in such a long line,-
That's true-
so either way,-
down outside down the block.
because this is a station, like a subway station,
but I think there's also a connector to get to the airport,
it's called the LAX station,
it is not, the people who are complaining
well it's not close to LAX.
You have to then shuttle over,
so i bet that's what it was about,
like you have to wait in line, whatever.
So I think that was
an understandable-
Damn,
you really tricked me.
mistake on your end,
but that was the point, that's why I brought it
it to the table.
Yeah, you really tricked me.
Okay, well I have one here,
it's a one star review by Willie and it goes like this.
"When I asked when the next train was leaving,
the guy didn't give me my sandwich." (laughs)
Are you serious?
(Christine laughs)
End of review.
Really?
Yeah.
That was a real one?
Are you sure you didn't just write that for this?
That's perfect.
I know. (chuckles)
Oh my god, when, okay.
"When I asked what time the next train was leaving,-
The guy- (laughs)
the guy didn't
give me my sandwich".
Okay, okay, here we go.
I'm gonna break this down,
I'm gonna be very extra with this.
Okay, great.
So, hypothetically,
so if this is a Subway sandwich within a train station.
(Alexander sighs)
But why would that person rely on the person
working at Subway to find out when the next train leaves?
I feel like that information
would be readily available most places.
But on the other hand,
if they're asking somebody at the train station,
(both laugh)
if they are at a station and they're reviewing a station,
why would they be getting a sandwich?
Why does this person have their sandwich-
Yes.
in their possession?
Exactly.
So we gotta go even farther back
to before the sandwich was created.
Yeah, where did the sandwich...
From the birth of the sandwich.
Right.
This is where it all begins.
I think the only way is if this is some either
maybe it could be a cart, like at a...
(Christine laughs)
Hm...
Or they're on the train and there's the trolley
with sandwiches-
I like (indistinct).
asking when they're leaving.
Yeah.
But why wouldn't they just give the sa...
I'm gonna go with Subway sandwich.
You're correct.